Support x-forwarded-client-cert (#12878)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/config-entries/mesh.mdx

        },
      ],
    },
    {
      name: 'HTTP',
      type: 'HTTPConfig: <optional>',
      description: 'HTTP configuration for the service mesh.',
      children: [
        {
          name: 'SanitizeXForwardedClientCert',
          yaml: false,
          type: 'bool: <optional>',

>           description: `Set the envoy forwardClientCertDetails to SANITIZE everywhere. Ordinarily Consul will configure Envoy to
>                         insert x-forwarded-client-cert headers where appropriate. This returns Consul to the pre 1.12.1 behavior`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          description: `Set the envoy \`forward_client_cert_details\` option to \`SANITIZE\` for all proxies. This configures Envoy to not send the \`x-forwarded-client-cert\` header to the next hop. If unspecified or \`false\`, the XFCC header is propagated to upstream applications.`,
```
